https://codepen.io/rudy35hernandez/pen/xxVPeeQ


1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML are the commands we use to bring structure to the page. Examples are "<p>" and "<li>". These are things that communicate with the browser.

    2. What is HTML used for? It is used to create webpages to be viewed by a user on the internet.
   
  3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? They allow us to additional information about an element. We put them in the start tag. 
   
  4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for the heading of a webpage. It signifies importance on a page so h1 should only be used once.
    
  5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
 The img and a tags require attributes in order for them to have any significance on the page. 
    
  6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
We put our title.
   
  7. What is an id? An id is an attribute that is unique and should only be used once. It's to create a specific style in an element.
    
  8. What elements can I add an id to? To pretty much any elements. But again, each ID should only be used once. 
    
  9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
    
  10. What is a class? Class is very similar to an ID. You can create a class and give its own specific style, but unlike ID, it can be used in multiple elements.
    
  11. What elements can I add a class to? To pretty much all elements.
   
  12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times. It is not meant to be restricted to one element like ID.
    
  13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? You have to add the target="_blank"
    
  14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It's used to describe the image when the browser can't open it or for a person with visual disabilities.
    
  15. How do I reference an id? You reference it with the # symbol.
   
  16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section should be used when it's a specific page of a page that can be described like the header or footer. The DIV defines division between things. 
    
  17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style the page. 
    
  18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? We add it to the CSS steps by typing H2 { }.
    
  19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. 
A class can be used multiple times, and ID only once. A class is perfect for paragraphs since most have the same styling. An ID would be good for a photo since most have their own style that will be unique.
   
  20. How do we select classes in CSS? You add a . then the name of the class.
      
  21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
p.human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It is Used to select all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a {
}
    
  24. What is a pseudo selector? its a selector that lets you style something when it is selected.
    
  25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 
  line-height:
    
  26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
  letter-spacing:
    
  27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
  We use text-transform.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
  border: dotted;
  border-width: 1px;
  border-color: black;
    
  29. How do I select everything on the page? 
  You use the *
    
  30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
  /* */
    
  31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    
  32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? You type ls.
   
  33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm. You must be careful because with some
      systems, you won't be prompted before hitting enter.	

     
  34. Why should I use version control? because it's a system that keeps everything organized so you can always go back and find things
      you need. 	
    
  35. How often should I commit to github? As often as you can. You need to get in the habit of doing it often for references that you'll
      need in the future. 
    
  36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin "your branch name"
    
  37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
   You want to go into github for the repo. First we fork the repo to our own page. Then we add collaborators to the project by going to 
   settings then collaborators. We then clone the repo and add it to our computers through vs code by typing git clone "url" 
   Then you type cd "name of repo", when it is opened, it will be set to master or main. You have to branch it to yourself by typing
   git checkout -b 'username'. After that you can add the file to it by using touch command. After you make edits to that file, you have
   to type git add . to add all changes, or git add 'filename' if you only want to add specific edits from specific files. After that, you
   you must git commit -m "message here" to save all changes and make sure you properly describe changes for future reference needs.
   Afterwards we git push origin your-branch-name to push the repo to github. Once the repo is in github, you go to create pull request. 
   Make sure you hit the drop down from the master repo to yours. Then you add your collaborator with the drop down on right hand side.


   1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
      
       A block element usually takes up a new line or section (block) of the page. Whereas an inline element can be added within a line.
       An example of an inline element is <span>. An example of a block element is <div>

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
       It's positioned relative to the position of the nearest ancestor
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
       
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that 
       is display inline-block by default.
       
       3 display block elements- <div>, <table>, and <section>
       2 inline elements- <b> and <span>
       1 inline-block element- <button> 
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all 
       elements respect the width we've given them?  

       The box model is the idea that every element in HTML is wrapped around with a box. And in these boxes, we can dictate the width, 
       the height, the padding, etc. We make all elements respect the width weve given them by making sure we announce the position and 
       display.
     